---
layout: page
title: "Settings"
category: doc
date: 2013-06-12 08:54:47
order: 3
---

### `SERRANO_AUTH_REQUIRED`

Boolean denoting whether authentication is required to access the API. Default `False`

### `SERRANO_CORS_ENABLED`

Boolean denoting whether [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) is enabled. Default `False`

### `SERRANO_CORS_ORIGINS`

_Introduced in 2.1.2_

List/tuple of hosts for the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header. If cross-origin request is received from an origin not in this list, the headers that succeeds the [pre-flight request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/HTTP/Access_control_CORS#Preflighted_requests) will be not be set. If the list is empty, all origins are assumed to be allowed. Default `()`.

### `SERRANO_CORS_ORIGIN`

_Deprecated in 2.1.2, see `SERRANO_CORS_ORIGINS`_

String of comma-separated hosts for `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header. This restricts access to which clients can access this resource. Default `*` (all hosts)

### `SERRANO_TOKEN_TIMEOUT`

Read more about [API Tokens]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2013-06-12-api-tokens%}).

### `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT`

Integer defining the number of requests that are allowed in any given time window defined by `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS`. If `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT` is set, then this limit only applies to unauthenticated requests. If this number of requests is exceeded within the time interval, the response will be `429 Too Many Requests`. If this setting is not explicity set, it will default to the [rate_limit_count](https://github.com/bruth/restlib2/blob/master/restlib2/resources.py#L168) value from [restlib2](https://github.com/bruth/restlib2).

### `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS`

Integer defining the length of the request rate limiting time interval(in seconds). If `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS` is set, then this interval duration only applies to unauthenticated requests. If more than `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT` requests are received within this time interval, the response will be `429 Too Many Requests`. If this setting is not explicity set, it will default to the [rate_limit_seconds](https://github.com/bruth/restlib2/blob/master/restlib2/resources.py#L169) value from [restlib2](https://github.com/bruth/restlib2).

### `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT`

Integer defining the number of __authenticated__ requests that are allowed in any given time window defined by `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS`. If this number of __authenticated__ requests is exceeded within the time interval, the response will be `429 Too Many Requests`. If this setting is not explicity set, it will default to `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT`.

### `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS`

Integer defining the length of the __authenticated__ request rate limiting time interval(in seconds). If more than `SERRANO_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_COUNT` __authenticated__ requests are received within this time interval, the response will be `429 Too Many Requests`. If this setting is not explicity set, it will default to `SERRANO_RATE_LIMIT_SECONDS`.

### `SERRANO_QUERY_REVERSE_NAME`

Name of the reverseable url to use when constructing query urls in emails notifying people that a query has been shared with them. The instructions below explain how to use this setting within a fictional app named `example` which defines the following setting `ROOT_URLCONF = example.conf.urls` in `example/conf/global_settings.py`. Also, since Cilantro has a predefined route for `/results/<query_pk>/`, we will use that path when constructing the url in the example below. You are free to use a different path in the Url you construct below but you will need to setup and implement your own route for handling it as Cilantro only has builtin support for opening queries at `/results/<query_pk>/`.

Add a new url to handle the query url links. To do this, open `example/conf/urls.py` and add the following to the`urlpatterns`:

```python
      url(r'^results/(?P<pk>\d+)/$', 'django.views.static.serve',
          {'document_root': '/results'}, name='query_results'),
```

Add the `SERRANO_QUERY_REVERSE_NAME` setting to `example/conf/global_settings.py` as shown below. Note that if you gave the url a `name` other than `query_result`, you will need to use that name as the value for `SERRANO_QUERY_REVERSE_NAME` below.

```python
SERRANO_QUERY_REVERSE_NAME = 'query_results'
```
